BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent education and experience required
4+ years hands-on experience implementing large scale data analytics solutions
Extensive programming skills in the Hadoop environment (Map/Reduce, Pig, Hive, HBase, Mahout)
Fluent with experimental design (DOE)
Fluency with statistical and machine learning algorithms such as decision trees, neural networks, collaborative filtering, clustering, survival analysis, graph theory, etc.
Knowledge in cloud and engineering platform solutions such as AWS
Knowledge of visualization tools such as Tableau, d3.js
Knowledge of analysis tools such as Python, SAS, R, or Matlab
Curiosity and excitement for delivering truly unique and differentiating customer experiences
Experience in retail, ecommerce, or digital advertising a plus
Five years of experience in advanced quantitative/statistical modeling and optimization techniques.
Five years of experience working across organizations in various groups to drive business solutions through quantitative analysis with Hadoop, Excel, SQL, R, and Tableau.
Alternative experience requirement: Masters Plus two years in each of the above.
High school diploma or equivalent. Certification requirement may be waived with verifiable on the job training and experience. Possess understanding of statistics. Understand conceptual & practical marketing and business operations. Enthusiasm for learning the practical application of statistical analysis to address business issues. Detail oriented with excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Strong communication skills. Must be able to effectively manage time and a variety of responsibilities. MS Office proficiency required. SPSS / SAS skills preferred. 0 2 years of marketing research experience. New program graduates will be considered.
1 year of experience in an Analyst role
Degree in a quantitative field such as Finance, Economics, Mathematics, or Statistics
Strong experience with Microsoft Excel: ability to do pivot tables, v-lookups, logical and nested formulas
Ability to work in a dynamic environment while managing multiple projects
Minimum of a master’s degree, with PhD preferred, in applied mathematics, statistics, quantitative social science or similar field of study. Strong statistics background highly desired.
Ability to read & write code in a language like R or Matlab
Experience in managing and organizing large data sets is a plus
Modeling experience or knowledge of epidemiology is a plus
Knowledge of public health issues in the developing world settings is a plus
Must work well in a team
Must be a clear and effective communicator
Must be self-motivated and results-minded
Must have strong analytical skills
4+ years experience doing quantitative analysis.
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field. Advanced degrees preferred.
Fluency in SQL or other programming languages. Some development experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner
Basic understanding of statistical analysis.
Preferred experience with a statistical package such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.
Preferred experience with an Internet-based company.
Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) a plus.
Writing code: Production level coding experience is required
Machine Learning and Statistics 
Data Munging/Wrangling 
Experimental Design
Systems Architecture


Strong background in statistics & experience in exploratory data analysis
Experience creating models/analysis using machine learning techniques such as
regression,clustering, association rules, sequential pattern matching, etc.
Proficient at query and manipulating data using a number of tools and languages
(SQL, R, Python, Hive, Scala, Java, etc.)
Proficient in algorithms and data structures related to data manipulation and Big Data
Capable of presenting and communicating results of research
Experience in data integration and modeling is required
Experience working with big data technologies is a plus (Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
Experience in fraud detection and/or text mining is a plus
An educational background in a quantitative field
(e.g., Mathematics, Statistics, ComputerScience, etc.)
3+ years of experience working in an analytical roleSuccessful candidates should possess

A BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Information Systems, or related technical field
Worked as quantitative analyst, business analyst, data scientist or data driven management consultant.
Experience with R/python programming.
Have used packages like scikit-learn/pandas,numpy
Experience  with SQL including query optimisation
An understanding of “the cloud”, experience with AWS.
A working knowledge of Linux
Experience using GitHub or other version control frameworks.
Great communication skills
3-5 years of advanced quantitative experience, ideally in an Internet company
Expertise in quantitative programming packages and languages – like R & Python -- as well SQL
Demonstrated experience with advanced Machine Learning & Data mining algorithms like Classifiers, Logistic regression / SVM, Clustering methods, Bayesian methods, Collaborative filtering, NLP etc.
Masters in a quantitative field (e.g. Statistics, Maths, Economics)
Familiarity with Big Data and Relational Database systems
Experience working with clickstream data
Extremely strong business judgment and analysis skills
Strong communication skills
Excellent communicator: able to clearly explain complex concepts in ambiguous setting

Quantitative Master's degree (Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, etc.)
5+ years experience as a Product Analyst or relevant role
Highly proficient in SQL
Highly proficient in statistics (with strong expertise in machine learning)
Knowledge of R, Python or similar
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise and actionable manners to audiences as varied as data scientists and executives
Independent, investigative mindset. Demonstrate ability to complete analytics projects with minimal direction

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis and data mining to identify trends and new opportunities
Develop best practices for product instrumentation and experimentation, and communicate those to product and engineering teams
Work closely with product teams to drive product innovation through actionable analytics
Answer product questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data
Analyze and interpret the results of product experiments and A/B testing
Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources